# DS PSR Scripts
Scripts that I have created to assist RNG Manipulation routing for DS Pokemon games (Gen4-Gen5)

# Brief Description for Each Script
## 5gensearch_filter
This script helps Pokemon White 2 (or Black 2) runner to filter for drilbur seeds that can spawn dust cloud with minimum steps taken and drilbur at Lv19. The script also limit the distance between the cloud spawn and target drilbur PID Frame. It takes the output from the 5gensearch program as input. 5gensearch is available here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1R4JACPioT06jDj74UaJKhyrLAIn5Z43M.

## Lucky Egg chart generator
This script generates a table for Pokemon Platinum runner to follow in order to Manipulate a Chansey with Lucky Egg to spawn in Route 209. This script works by detecting all encounters that will appear naturally (without honey), and then tell you how many more steps you must take in order to see the Lucky Egg Chansey.

## Plat wild encounter generaetor
This script will generate a table that shows all encounters that will naturally appear in Pokemon Platinum/Diamond/Pearl. This script will output the RNG state when the Pokemon will appear, as well as their stats, and their Occidentary (or the amount of RNG their spawn will advance in game). This is helpful to check whether a seed has desired HM learner, and also help with advancing RNG by the correct amount to the next threshold (for example, to the next HM learner that you want to catch, or to manipulating Pokerus on next fight).

## SSS4 Tepig Filter
This script helps Pokemon White 2 (or Black 2) runner to filter for Tepig seeds that have Lv2 Pidove with a non-defense-reducing nature and Psyduck with Damp ability. The script takes a SSS4 output as input. SSS4 program can be found here: http://rusted-coil.squares.net/tool/syokiseedsearch/SSS4_v203b.zip.
The process of finding a Tepig seed was notoriously time-consuming before the script is created as runners would have to manually test their seeds to see if they could manage to encounter them. The script is obseleted as it has been been improved by TTS4life to also check for Frigate Password and Grotto Candy Spawn as requirement of the new route. The new version can be found here: https://github.com/TTS4life/bw2-seed-filter

## chimchar rival 1 simulator
Rival 1 is the only fight that is reasonable for runners to manipulate in Pokemon Platinum speedruns without an additional Save and Reset. The script can quickly simulate a wide range of battle seeds to help runners find a cluster they can aim at to finish Rival 1 fight fast.

## fashion-case-brute-force
This script helps Pokemon Platinum runners to find a manipulation path past the notorious Jubilife 2 cutscene. Jubilife City has 11 active NPCs, with 7 of them actively moving while the runners are clearing through the cutscene after the Galactic Double fights. This program will test a variety of movements that give runners a humanly viable window to clear the crucial textboxes that affects the advancement of RNG to keep their manipulation alive past Jubilife City. Some of the NPC implementation ideas are taken from MinnowSR.

## hgss encounter table generator
This script essentially does the same job as Plat wild encounter generator, but for HeartGold/SoulSilver.

## piplup seed filter
This script takes output from PokeFinder to find seeds that spawns a starter with desired stats, Pokerus and a Kricktot that will naturally appear as an encounter and carries a metronome. It is named piplup seed filter because Piplup Route is the only route that requires a Kricketot with Metronome in main categories of Pokemon Platinum.

## whitney predictor
This script quickly simulates through the first few turn of a Whitney fights given seeds. Whitney is notoriously inconsistent due to her Miltank having attract. However, since her lead, Clefairy has metronome and double slap, it makes it possible for runners to determine the battle seeds generated by the console and react to beat her faster and more consistently. The script itself does not route the fights, but it will assist the runner in identifying seeds in prepration stage and help runners to identify seeds that have repeated cues.
